# :shipit: Simulation Progress Monitor 

### This repository contains three main items:  
* DataSheet.py code  
* csv files generated by DataSheet.py  
* file-info.pdf (in file-storage-HPC)  

#### Regarding the .pdf file
* this pdf has bash help/terminal usage commands  
* there are also commands for using HPC resources (high-performance computing)  
* Sharcnet and Calcul Quebec systems are discussed  

#### Regarding the .csv file
* formatting follows the default arguments from the csv python module
* instances are separated by commas
* text is contained within quotes if the delimiter (a comma) or quotes are present in the text

#### Regarding the DataSheet code
* this code is CLI-based 
* the user can:
    1. Add or remove entries from the csv file
    2. Update or view details about a current record
    3. Add or remove categories (except the Name category)
* going back to the main menu/quitting is accomplished by typing 'q'

#### To run the DataSheet code
This code uses python 3.6. However, it does not import any modules other than os, csv, and sys. The following commands work on ubuntu 16.04.  

1. Make sure you have python 3.x installed.  

    ```
    $ python3
    Python 3.6.0 |Anaconda 4.3.0 (64-bit)| (default, Dec 23 2016, 12:22:00)
    [GCC 4.4.7 20120313 (Red Hat 4.4.7-1)] on linux
    Type "help", "copyright", "credits" or "license" for more information.
    >>>
    $ python3 --version
    Python 3.6.0 :: Anaconda 4.3.0 (64-bit)
    ```  

2. \(Optional) Find out where your python executable is located.  

    ```
    $ which python
    /home/username/anaconda3/bin/python
    ```  

3. \(Optional) Add the executable path to the top of the DataSheet_main.py file, in this format: `#!/home/username/anaconda3/bin/python`. Make sure this is the first line in the file (no empty lines). Most exectuable files are found in the `/usr/bin/python` directory.  
4. \(Optional) Make sure the file is executable.  

    ```
    $ chmod u+x DataSheet.py
    ```  

5. Run the code from the directory where the DataSheet.py file is located. If you followed the (Optional) markers, do: `./DataSheet.py`. Otherwise, do: `python3 DataSheet.py`.  
6. Follow the prompts as given to make your selection/navigate the .csv file. 
